---
title: "This is 2012, my 2012"
date: "2012-02-19"
---

First post of 2012

Usually im easily annoyed by my own self when i catch my self not writing a piece for a while, I love writing more than than my brain and hand keep holding back not to write.

But this time actually im pretty impressed with what i have done the past first two months of this 2012 ,writing-less. I have been busy re-arranging my life, put everything in a manner that i could really rely on. I dedicated this year for a special year for happiness, after all i have been through for the past 24 year something of my life, i could use a year entirely devoted just for my happiness. : )

I am not really a telling-my-problem-to-other kind of person, i keep my private stuffs just only for myself, but if i can be honest with the world for one time, i would say that i am such a mess, i spend my life to live up my dream, and there are lots of them, yes, dreams. I am a spontaneous person, i live every moment like its my last, sometimes it's good, most of the time, i screwed up..

Though i still feel happy most of the time while screwing up, there's something missing about my definition of happiness. It's ineffable, but i know it's there as i always strongly feel every lonely night after a full exciting day of smiling. I feel i should upgrade my happiness level in a level i could proudly put it as a main feature of my grown-up life..

This past two months i was busy defining rules for my happiness, setting up milestones, shaping strategies, everything for this year of happiness. I will reach my 25 this year, and i dont want to spend this precious moment not achieving something that's not mind blowing enough to be told years from now to my kids and grandkids. i really really want to pull it off this time..

I have been doing quite extensive research in how to actually reach your happiness, i read books, i google, i observe, i talk to people, i compile all those stuffs to create my own version of reaching happiness.. everyone deserves to be happy, no matter how messed up you are, happiness is the reason why human existed from the first time.

I am not pursuing my happiness, i know it's here already, waiting to be revealed..
