---
title: "Circa 2019"
date: "2019-02-03"
---

We get the most from life by taking less, and giving more

Breakfast is not the most important meal of the day

Goofy is an anthropomorphic dog, not cow

The less we eat, the better we age.

It's our nature to settle down, we are not meant to wander endlessly.

Learn and work so hard whoever the president is, you are still enjoying the best from life.

And have freedom to stay where ever you want to stay

Social media is not the toxic, people are.

Eat at least 10 cups of colorful veggies every day.

Human don't deserve the earth. Try to be less burden of the nature every single day.

Your mood is defined by what you eat, so eat carefully.

Don't ruin your coffee by adding anything. Any.. thing..

Class is not defined by how many people that treat us well, it's the other way around.

When ever possible, meditate.

Never, ever, waste, your food

It's okay to not posting anything on the internet

Privacy is the most expensive currency.

Can't read more? It's okay. Just sing or dance more.

Go to your local market more often.

Buy from your local groceries as much as you can.

Price is nothing, value is everything.

Learn to cook.

Learn to brew coffee.

Life resources are limited, be wise.

Reconnect by phone call, not texting

Review your reminders and tasks every 6 hours every day.

If a chore took less than 2 minutes to finish, do it now.

You spend a third of your life on the bed, save up and buy the most expensive mattress you can afford.

Never buy fake shoes.

Never buy anything fake.

It's okay to say you forgot the name.

It's okay to say no.

Be classy.

Own less in life, the more we have, the more the burden.

Praising people is the cure of selfishness.

Be kind.

If sick, seek doctor

Write an everyday journal, you'll be amazed ten years from now,

Prebiotic is different with probiotic

Speak slowly, articulate clearly

Before off to bed, declutter.

Vaccines save lives more than anyone ever imagined.

Wear minimalist clothes

But still well dressed and groomed

Bone broth is the bomb!

Host BBQ party once in a while

Punctuality helps your career a lot.

Don't yell

Don't curse

Be quietly self confident.
